how often do you have to move in here for that so a classmate for label
academy so for those who work with the free live actually on the eighty
fourth street in order and up until we were Harper and heads Dave
had moved twice I had moved eleven times about now David is by several
and deputy for strap problem he said the move a couple of times
now war since since we've been department heads together the navy
is trying to do home sitting and stating is good for the whole is no
longer stigma attached to hold steady it's very few yeah but first
and foremost it's needs of the navy and most of the needs love always
gonna be in the hole for the he soon maybe just laughed which was
the to be where they need to and that's you go with a need yeah they
had a whole yeah you know your next duty station afterwards so you
know about these should help you out